<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azure-avm-utl-privatedns-privatednszone-azapi-replicator

This is a Terraform module that replicates Azure Private DNS Zone functionality from the AzureRM provider to the AzAPI provider. It systematically converts each field, validation, and behavior from the AzureRM provider's Go source code into equivalent AzAPI resource configurations using Terraform locals and variables. The module ensures exact behavioral parity by replicating all provider-level logic including validations, defaults, ForceNew triggers, sensitive field handling, and post-creation operations that would otherwise be lost when migrating from `azurerm_*` resources to `azapi_resource` blocks.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the Private DNS Zone. Must be a valid domain name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: (Required) The ID of the Resource Group where the Private DNS Zone should exist.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_soa_record"></a> [soa\_record](#input\_soa\_record)

Description: - `email` - (Required) The email contact for the SOA record.
- `expire_time` - (Optional) The expire time for the SOA record. Defaults to `2419200`.
- `minimum_ttl` - (Optional) The minimum Time To Live for the SOA record. By convention, it is used to determine the negative caching duration. Defaults to `10`.
- `refresh_time` - (Optional) The refresh time for the SOA record. Defaults to `3600`.
- `retry_time` - (Optional) The retry time for the SOA record. Defaults to `300`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Record Set.
- `ttl` - (Optional) The Time To Live of the SOA Record in seconds. Defaults to `3600`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    email        = string
    expire_time  = optional(number, 2419200)
    minimum_ttl  = optional(number, 10)
    refresh_time = optional(number, 3600)
    retry_time   = optional(number, 300)
    tags         = optional(map(string))
    ttl          = optional(number, 3600)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: - `create` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for create operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.
- `delete` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for delete operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.
- `read` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for read operations. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `update` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for update operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "30m")
    delete = optional(string, "30m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "30m")
  })
```

Default:

```json
{
  "create": "30m",
  "delete": "30m",
  "read": "5m",
  "update": "30m"
}
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_azapi_header"></a> [azapi\_header](#output\_azapi\_header)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_body"></a> [body](#output\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_locks"></a> [locks](#output\_locks)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_post_update0"></a> [post\_update0](#output\_post\_update0)

Description: Post-creation operation output for SOA record

### <a name="output_post_update0_sensitive_body"></a> [post\_update0\_sensitive\_body](#output\_post\_update0\_sensitive\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_replace_triggers_external_values"></a> [replace\_triggers\_external\_values](#output\_replace\_triggers\_external\_values)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_retry"></a> [retry](#output\_retry)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body"></a> [sensitive\_body](#output\_sensitive\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body_version"></a> [sensitive\_body\_version](#output\_sensitive\_body\_version)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#output\_timeouts)

Description: n/a

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->